and we've taken all of the gold of
Katherine she's really friendly with us
and she's also giving us all of her
luxuries
what a glorious situation we find
ourselves in thank you very much
Katherine for this hello there ladies
and gentlemen I'm the spiffing Brit and
today we're playing popular new release
game Sid Meier's Civilization 5 is what
I would be saying if it was almost 10
years ago and seeing as we are actually
getting pretty close to the 10 year
anniversary of Sid Meier's Civilization
5 it makes perfect sense for us to cover
a lovely exploit which this game has and
has actually kind of flowed relatively
under the radar for quite a long time
naturally Sid Meier's Civilization 5 is
a fantastic game I have many fond
memories of it I'm sure you do as well
and of course it's one of the greatest
multiplayer strategy games the world has
ever seen
of course excluding its very wonky
netcode meaning you'll be d sinking just
about every 30 seconds
also there's no way to pause a game in
multiplayer so once you start playing
you're playing it for eternity but who
wouldn't want to play civ 5 for eternity
so what are we doing today ladies and
gentlemen well I'm going to be showing
off a lovely glitch inside civilization
5 which is going to allow you with the
lovely ladies and gentlemen at home to
completely decimate the world's economy
of civ 5 that's right no longer will you
be struggling for money instead you will
become an economical mastermind who will
be controlling the flow of just about
everything in the game's world if you
want a war to happen it will at the snap
of your fingers if you want to bankrupt
a rival nation you can at just a few
simple clicks of one button it's as
fantastic as that ladies and gentlemen
so our further ado let's dive into Sid
Meier's Civilization 5 and make sure
you're sat back relaxed you have a nice
warm cup of Yorkshire tea in hand and
you know what if you are a truly
fantastic individual you might have even
given the video like let's dive right in
to sieve 5 my goodness I love this game
so we're going to set up a brand new
game of survival versus exploit can be
done with just about any nation in the
entire game we're going to pick one
unique nation indeed because unlike a
bit of an advanced challenge we're going
to be playing as Enrico Dandolo of
Venice yep that's the perfect
pronunciation and if I got it wrong it
doesn't matter because that's the new
pronunciation of that name so yes we're
playing as Venice they're a very you
big save in terms of save five because
they can only have a build one city some
would say that causes a bit of an issue
but actually it doesn't because they get
a ridiculous amount of money and money
is going to be the only thing that
matters to us what's better than having
a ridiculous amount of money yourself
that's making sure everyone around you
has no money other than that we're going
to be playing on Prince level difficulty
andand quit and that's all we need
ladies and gentlemen so without further
ado let's dive right into this brand-new
game oh it's gonna be good
you see Venice is just all about money
making so when it comes to our fantastic
game we don't actually have too many
requirements when it comes to settling
your first city if you don't get a
decent city start don't worry it's not
the end of the world because you can
always reset allows where we're going to
found our city right here in its
starting position because we have wheat
nearby but most importantly we have
three different types of luxuries these
luxuries are going to be very important
trust me ladies and gentlemen so let's
set love for a city down oh and a unit
needs orders okay right let's just send
our warrior off to go explore the world
fantastic oh we've actually discovered
our first city-state who's hidden away
over here good now city-states are very
useful if you're a Venice player because
they are effectively infinite sources of
money oh and look they've already given
us 30 gold just for finding them
fantastic now male born is a mercantile
city-state over here and if we were to
ally with them then we'd actually gain
their luxury resources of porcelain and
Wales which is always a lovely thing to
have now after you build your monument
and you're starting to gain some culture
just focus on getting a worker up and
running in terms of research we can
probably actually rush the great library
because when playing against ai's
generally they don't and so we're in a
fine situation to get the great library
out early oh and we've also discovered
the city-state of prague which is lovely
maybe human as yet another boost of gold
fantastic for culture we're going to go
down the Liberty tree because by gaining
collective rule we get a free great
merchant which is very important for us
great merchants are going to be a lovely
source of money now we've gained Nicolo
pole over here who's a fantastic great
merchant of venice and he's going to be
really valuable you see we can put him
down in any city states border and
immediately that city-state just becomes
us which is of course as you can guess a
very powerful thing to have now we won't
be using him immediately Bugsy's as
you can guess very very powerful and so
we'll be saving him for later on
when we find a city state which is well
worth his investment on BAM we've
discovered optics and consequently
gained our second great merchants give
first our neo barbero he's you know a
pretty chill dude and with these two
great merchants we could take over two
of these city-states if we really wanted
to yep my gebbs just crashed right I
wasn't even exploiting you that I was
just survived being safe I thank you
very much game that's very generous of
you
ah that's nice to know ten years after
release it's still as buggy as ever
really does give you that fresh game
feel when you came just crashes on you
for no apparent reason thank you very
much now we're back ladies and gentlemen
a little bit of time has passed after
our last game crash we've managed to
finish off building the great library
and hey we have one great merchant here
we're going to get a second great much
and soon don't you worry as is often the
case with most early game situations
it's just a lot of fighting off
barbarians must die instead have my
military force wander around the map
discovering new lands instead of
protecting its own populace because I
mean unless they pay a lot of taxes they
don't really matter do they know we've
discovered the Aztecs oh just a
ridiculous war faction but you know
that's fine they're hopefully going to
be relatively chill with us emphasis on
the hopefully now because we have a
city-state over here which is really far
away called Vilnius which has access to
four sets of horses a bunch of furs and
some porcelain we're going to attach a
great mansion to a Venetian spearmen
over here who's going to march all the
way across the world to find Vilnius and
then steal its resources from it and so
our lovely great merchant arrives in the
city Vilnius and we're going to buy out
this city-state it's gonna be fantastic
basically we just puppet this city right
on the spot and now it's ours fantastic
Vilnius has been ceded to us now it's
not exactly a spectacular city in the
best place in the entire known world but
it will be fantastic for us basically we
just need a city slightly further out of
the way which can get more trade route
sent to it because I mean we have four
available trade routes already the
Aztecs are trading with us but I need
more than just that I need trade
everywhere and also to help with our
fantastic Empire and its trading we've
built the great lighthouse basically
just means all naval units go a little
bit further which is pretty useful not
that will particularly be doing much
naval warfare or warfare . i mean you're
playing Civ why would you want to
actually fight in this game now what
we're doing at the moment
is basically getting our empire up and
running we starting trade with all of
our lovely local city-states and this is
kind of just the beginning of our
glorious Empire we basically just want
to make as much money as possible and
for us the best way to make money is
generally to meet players but also just
beeline a bunch of economy tax and the
only thing that's better than economy
texts ladies and gentlemen that's rather
interestingly a completely an utterly
wacky tech which is engineering which
allows us to build a fort
I know forts of fantastic books they
give you one extra defensible position
on your terrain which is always
exceedingly useful to have but there's
another reason why you want to be able
to construct forts and that's because
they are completely naturally broken in
this game and one thing I have been
beelining or a bunch of wanders which
provide us with increased growth in our
capital as because as Venice you're only
really allowed one city and so you won
that one city to have as a larger
population is physically allowable by
this game standards so don't be afraid
to pick up all of the wanders which
don't particularly make sense for an
economy sieve oh my goodness I get to
pick a good a free great person oh no
this is great fun now of course
merchants of Venice are always very very
useful because you can get a lot of
money from them instead I'm going to
pick myself up a great profit so I'm
pretty sure a religion we can get
ourselves a little bit of extra money so
let's create a brand new religion what
wacky icon are we going for let's go for
the bird boy oh +15 influence for city
states following this religion that's
exactly what we want that's lovely oh
and then each wonder provides +2 faith
in the city that's perfect because we're
going to be spamming out a lot of
wanders lovely stuff there we go we've
got our religion up and running now in
terms of wonders which you 100% really
should get of course it's the East India
Company ladies and gentlemen this thing
is absolutely ridiculous it gives you a
silly amount of money and that's exactly
what you want you want money lots and
lots of money now the issue with being
on a continent with Montezuma is that
he's very very likely to invade you and
so the best way to get around this is to
instead feed him money to just attack
random city-states
on your continent that's exactly what
we're going to be doing because as we
can see he has a massive army marching
towards our border so instead we just
steer the entire army south now you
might be thinking this is pretty
dangerous first because later on it's
just going to attack us but don't worry
later on
goodness sake it's attacked us now
hasn't it god dammit I hate you want to
Zoomer we just had to start on the same
continent which had him didn't we
oh yes of course the AI naturally moving
it's most valuable units into the sea
meaning I can snipe them with complete
ease because in the water units they
they don't have much help of what to
Zuber this is dog on your way at all has
uh what a mess he really was thinking he
could win this war didn't he well turns
out you just can't sometimes well I
think this is it we've actually defeated
the Aztecs at war
how on earth that's happened I have no
idea but this is just classic Aztec
existence right here they just go to war
with you and then you just beans your
way around the AI and they just can't do
anything to stop you
oh hey I right let's negotiate peace
this is not the time for negotiation
screw us Tex you and your garbage Empire
you just free your armies at the wall
and they died that means you shouldn't
come back sometimes the AI is just too
silly to really comprehend and Ray we're
going to be adopting commerce because of
course you know we might as well that's
where we're going to be getting some
lovely money from hopefully as soon as
the Aztecs stop code to war with us and
we find a new AI which is actually nicer
I can demonstrate this exploit because
instead the silly little Aztec dude over
here just wants to fight everyone guy
but guy I hate you and there we go
fantastic Montezuma is now perfectly up
for peace now what if I get him to give
me some gold there we go
okay just wants a straight peace treaty
fine what does ooh I'll accept this but
just because I want to bankrupt your
economy fantastic we've made peace with
Montezuma oh and now he wants an embassy
I'll show you we'll just rebuild that
embassy after you've decided to just go
to the war with me Montezuma might
decide the Aztecs ladies and gentlemen
and now Montezuma star wants to actually
start trading luxury resources won't no
we're going to refuse this because I'm
waiting to find an AI who actually has
money to trade with me because ish we've
Montezuma look at this guy he's got
nobody won gold per turn and no thank
you I'm not trading with you come back
once you have money
I'm recent fantastic news we've actually
discovered the technology which allows
us to build a unit which can go on the
world's oceans and discover so we've
just purchased ourselves a caravel and
this Caravelle is going to now go and
see the entire world for me because I
need to discover a eyes
who want super hyper aggressive military
people who aren't producing any gold
pattern I mean sure we can pull off the
exploit with them but you just don't get
anywhere near as much money
Oh fantastic we found Russia Oh finally
please tell me they're making gold
pattern are they're making gold pattern
finally an AI with a natural economy are
Caffrey and the pirates of Russia is you
are exactly what I needed
let's get some open borders going fine
I'll give you a bunch of horses for open
borders that looks lovely my goodness we
got a brand new great profit lovely so
we can enhance our religion now we can
do it plus 15% production which is
lovely and also religious unity so that
religion spreads to city-states a
ridiculous bead there we go BAM now we
can get a bunch of trade routes
establish with all of the other AIS over
here which is exactly what I wanted spam
let's start spreading all of our
religion into all of these different
city-states and with that we're going to
need to stop buying up more cargo ships
trust me it's year of the cargo ship so
yes just buy a very large amount two
cargo ships and all send them off and
with this we're going to make a lot more
money ah there we go fantastic stuff all
the money in the world will be ours
BAM I've jumped into the midpoint of the
video when you least expected me that's
right it's myself the spiffing Brit here
to tell you about the glorious taste of
york city isn't it amazing isn't it
lovely and you should be drinking it or
any form of tea as long as your name's
not Dave and you sat there drinking
coffee slamming away in the comment
section like all of this tea propaganda
makes me upset that don't worry you're
more than welcome here Oh Dave I know
you're out there it's thousands of you
Dave's watching I know you're there make
yourself known of the covered section of
your neighbours Dave classic Dave coffee
drinkers but hey I've got some good news
for you though thanks my lovely friends
of the yogscast we have a brand new
piece of merchandise it is the secret to
the YouTube algorithm I know guaranteed
to get every single one of your videos
on trending probably it is a beautiful
design proving the tea is the root of
the YouTube algorithm trust me if you
want to do your part and demonstrate its
power simply sip on the cup of tea and
like this video once what does it do it
breaks the entire algorithm and that's
the true power of tea ladies and
gentlemen so feel free to go grab
yourself one it's actually really
comfortable
10 out of 10 would recommend again just
try not to spill tea on it you'd be
surprised how many cloves I've lost to
tea okay
they died too young all by clothing it's
just got teased a it's everywhere I
accept all of my fancy suits of course
anyway let's jump right back into this
video so a fair bit later in the game
ladies and gentlemen and I finally
realized why all of their eyes were
declining my request for a declaration
of friendship it's only because an AI
won't ever accept a declaration of
friendship if you have a weak army and
as I was playing Venice and deliberately
only beelining the economy no AI is
going to make friends of you because
you're giving the metric tons of money
they only make friends of you if they
are afraid of the size of your military
thanks if five AI for being perfectly
balanced but hey we're gonna perfectly
balance it even more in a second so yes
we're going to make friends with Ashoka
pillar of Assyria that's fantastic and
so there we go we have friends that's
lovely oh and now elizabeth is guarded
against us so we don't have a fair
amount of money in the bank and we can
go and start trading with Russia
Russia's making a pretty nice hundred
and sixteen gold returned we're making a
hundred fifty four gold per turn but
after this exploit we're going to be
making a fair bit more than that so
we're going to do two deals with Russia
ladies and gentlemen that saw this
exploit needs two fantastic deals and
one luxury resource but don't worry
you're going to lose nothing from this
exchange
absolutely nothing this is trading with
the AI but you could only profit this is
true part of the deal now what you're
going to want to do is quite simply ask
for Russia's gold and just give them a
bunch of your golden return so I'm going
to say I'll give Russia all of my gold
758 for let's say 40 gold per turn how
does this look Russia instead brush is
not actually able to give us that much
they are only going to give us 25 gold
per turn for 690 gold and you know what
that's fine that's pretty acceptable
Russia I'm fine with giving you 690 gold
for 25 gold for turn now this might seem
like the worst trade deal ever because
we are giving them 690 gold and they are
in return giving us 625 gold spread out
over the course of 25 turns so we're
losing out on this deal but there is a
method to this madness so we're going to
accept this lovely deal thank you very
much for sure they're going to love that
deal and then on the next turn we're
gonna propose a brand new deal one even
wackier remember we're making a hundred
and seventy-nine per turn which isn't
crazy and we'd like a fair bit more so
we're going to go to Russia and we're
going to say hey Russia I'm going to
give you incense and also all of my gold
per turn let's say a straight up 179
gold per turn and in return I'm going to
need all of your money I'm going to need
every single bit of gold you have 1618
gold but 179 gold per turn for 25 turns
and incense as a luxury resource to the
AI this is quite possibly the greatest
deal in the entire known universe I
proposed this to them and they're even
willing to throw in things like spices
and iron and all of that but actually we
don't want any of that stuff at all
if we were really cheeky and we had
enough gold and we were generating
enough gold per turn we could probably
even take an entire city from the AI
that's not what we're going to do sadly
but you know that's something you can
pull off and we're going to give all of
our gold per turn to Russia and in
return they're going to give us all of
their gold and we're going to give them
incense this is a terrible deal for the
player but trust me it's absolutely
fantastic so we're going to propose with
this deal and Russia graciously accepts
immediately you can see we've gained the
1600 gold there we go it's up there and
we're no longer making gold for turn
books we're giving so much of it to
another the civilization but remember as
part of the steel we are giving them 170
gold per turn plus incense now where's
our incense oh well it's here next to
Venice ladies and gentlemen don't worry
it's not at any threat of being rated by
barbarians but there is a Venetian
workers standing on top of it who's
accidentally slipped and hit the
construct Ford button are you sure you
want to construct a fort the tile
improvement will be replaced
oh it's just been replaced ladies and
gentlemen oh the poor poor incensed
oh what a shame who could have seen that
happening and as a result gold / turned
to caffeine ends and incense to caffeine
ends because we don't have any incense
to give and we just constructed a fort
but you know we can do just construct a
plantation instead of the fort
immediately and that way we finished the
trade deal we now have 2000 gold all of
our gold per turn and that means if we
check our deal history and look at our
current deals they are giving us 25 gold
per turn for the 690 gold we gave them
however we then immediately got the 690
gold back when we cleared out all of
their gold in their bank so they are
giving us 25 gold per turn in return for
scamming them plus also every single bit
of cash they had lying around
so we are now receiving a portion of the
income of Russia for free which is very
nice
and of course this can be repeated this
can be repeated forever
it doesn't just need a luxury of
resources you can use strategic
resources as well but I do prefer luxury
resources because they all could fun and
fantastic rush is so happy this deal
will strengthen our nation's oh yes and
bond our friendship together sure why
not
you're so nice Russia and with all of
this money we can kind of do whatever we
want we can make friends of all of the
city-states and win a diplomatic victory
almost instantaneously poor enough is
this Catherine you want five gold per
turn
no this isn't a deal there's no deal
there I'm just giving you gold for turd
for nothing so now a couple of turns
later we've proposed Catherine with
another deal for some reason I offered
all of my gold and said hey can I have
50 gold per turn is this deal okay of
you and she said yes this deal is okay
with me
I'll also give you all of my luxury
resources and strategic resources and
you know what we're gonna do it
Catherine because thank you very much
that will do nicely won't it so we now
have no golden or Bank which is you know
a shame but don't worry we're still
making 206 gold per turn thanks to care
for it now and what we're now going to
do is give Karen 206 gold per turn which
is a ridiculous amount of gold and asked
for all of our gold back there we go I'd
like all 2690 for gold back and in
return I'll give you 206 gold per turn
and the incense how does that work for
you Catherine I must accept oh that's
very generous of you so now we have all
of our gold back as well as the extra
100 or so which Catherine had and we can
once again repeat this exploit by just
constructing a fort there we go BAM and
next heard WA BAM so naturally the next
turn rolls around and our gold per turn
to Catherine ends it collapses
completely utterly simply because we're
not able to provide the incense and
there we go it is as easy as that ladies
and gentlemen and we've taken all of the
gold of Catherine she's really friendly
with us and she's also giving us all of
her luxuries if you look at all of the
happiness were getting +4 from first +4
from dies plus wool from spices plus 4
from wine we shouldn't have access to
these resources but we do oh my goodness
it's fantastic it really is what a
glorious situation we find ourselves in
thank you very much Catherine for this
the thing is we can repeat this because
Catherine is still making 72 gold per
turn and I'm not going to stop until we
get Catherine's income down to zero so
that's gonna be the quest for today's
video and there we go we've got our
incense built fantastic so we're going
to do is we're going to go to
Russia once again we got to trade with
them hey can I have sixty gold per turn
please that's all of your gold per turn
and in return I'll give you some of my
gold let's say three thousand gold ought
to be enough to win you over with this
surely Oh 1657 is actually all I need
Wow
if I am I could probably start taking
cities off you couldn't anyway thank you
very much Russia this is a lovely trade
deal anyway I'd like over 1800 gold of
yours please and in return I will give
you 300 gold per turn as well as one
incense there we go and there we go she
accepts the deal and it's also a good
deal as well so she's very happy with it
and then of course immediately construct
a fort and now we are going to take over
all of Russia's income which is
fantastic there we go the turn takes
over we're building a fort all of the
deals end we are now making friend room
six gold returned Russia how much you
making just seventeen thank you for all
of your money oh you lovely finger now
we have four thousand gold of course in
a couple of turns we're gonna get the
world's Congress which means we can just
completely cheese this entire thing of
course buying all of the love and
friendship with the AI so there we go
Katmandu is now a close friend we're
going to also buy Melbourne for say a
thousand there we go now they're mega
allies with us and what's ratted will
also buy Prague for a thousand there we
go we're allies with them too and let's
find another city state or Jerusalem
looks like they'll be friends of us even
have a forty influence to bypass let's
go for a thousand with them there we go
so there we go Jerusalem is immediately
on our side as well what about say
almost over here do you think almost
would like to join it's given five
hundred God they would go with nice
friends with them there we go that would
be a good start perfect we are making
silly amounts of money per turn and even
though I can see that good old master
Mundi over here is trying to invade us
again it matters little because I can
just raise an army and what's this
England is upset because of our
relationship with Jerusalem come on
England just let just I don't want to of
course a divide between myself and the
royal family please Queenie love me it's
all I ever wanted I'd gained well for
your appeasement that's all it is trust
me now we have kind of hit the breaking
point of the game because we've
basically completely finished the
Commerce tree in the social policies
which grants us plus two happiness from
each luxury resource meaning our Empire
is now at plus sixty four happiness yes
okay basically we're never going to be
sad again and it's even better because
we also gain +1 gold from every trading
and also we can buy great merchants
using faith
this is ridiculous because merchants of
Venice allow me to just take over an
entire bloody City which as you can
guess is pretty damn powerful now in
other fantastic news we can complete
this exploit again but this time with
the legendary great Lord of Assyria who
has even more money which is exactly
what we want you know what he doesn't
have he doesn't have first oh dear my
friend so we can do is of course ask for
a trade deal where we're going to try
and get 40 gold in return give over 800
gold does this work for you I guess it
kind of almost does go letters propose
this I'll ask for 38 gold instead how's
that propose I'm completely unacceptable
Wow right I want 30 gold per turn I'm
giving you 800 gold this is a good deal
for you right let's trade again now I
would like to give you furs and I would
also like all of your gold and in return
I will give you say or I think you'll
only need about 200 gold per turn to
want to take this deal is that looking
good for you
the girl let's propose that deal and of
course you graciously accept fantastic
that's exactly what I want and I will
immediately destroy your first supply
there we go oh and of course the deal
fell through because the furs
accidentally started getting turned into
a fort instead well what a shame anyway
looks like we're just gonna have to
trade again what a real shame that is my
friend so what we're gonna do is we're
also going to take over the city-state
of Mombasa but we're not going to
actually buy it and Puppet it instead
we're going to conduct a trade mission
that's going to give us 1876 gold and
it's also going to kind of put us into
control of the city-state we're gonna
sink 500 that gold and bam now we're
allies there we go that city-state is
now under our control
lovely stuff Riga we can take control of
as well for a thousand gold BAM
Regas mine lovely lovely stuff oh my
goodness and now you're going to give me
a free D away you just give me gold and
gold per turn lovely stuff I'll do
nicely I'm fantastic the World Congress
welcomes city-states now this is where I
get my true diplomatic power so the
moment we now get free delegates to four
host civilization and I get one delegate
because my city-state allies lovely
stuff and so because I'm allied with how
many C says one two three four five six
seven city-states in total I can assign
ten to just choosing the next host
lovely stuff so I'm going to choose the
next host to be Venice oh and Venice is
going to 100% become the next
toast because you guys are over going to
vote for me but you're never going to
gang up and vote for someone else so
there we go we've won the vote this is
true glorious democracy like you've
never seen it before
and of course Venice wins there we go
we've done it while we were always going
to win that one week fantastic everyone
voted for themselves so yes we win oh
and of course Montezuma is invading us
yet again it's the third time this game
ladies and gentlemen Montezuma just
wants to go to war well it's gonna suck
to be him because yep he's er is gonna
lose this one he does have gunpowder but
I have cannons on my side and also I can
just buy a metric ton of blank adduct
they've really cheap to buy and I could
genuinely buy about 30 of them or so now
and we've they might be able to
completely overrun every single AI in
the game or we've got more culture stuff
to do which is great we'll go in to
rationalism lovely more science and I
can upgrade to be a Gatling gun oh I
love this this is going great right let
us send the language addict in and oh my
goodness look at this lovely army they
have tried to swarm us this is exactly
what I wanted you see we can just throw
in hordes and hordes of dudes into minor
defeats and so on because eventually
we'll just win completely when we can by
Muscat Minh - oh this is great we can
have our own musket dudes that I just
want cannons just lots and lots of
cannons and then shot to keep the
cannons slowed always bought Big Ben
which means all purchases of 15% cheaper
oh this is exactly what I wanted it's is
lovely news for me even though I'm just
plowing a bunch of men in which are
never going to win it matters little
their lives aren't exactly too valuable
if I'm honest
all this has just made the purchasing of
armies ridiculously cheap because lunch
get are now just 90 gold
that's all they cost 90 gold and I could
just throw him out here immediately to
chase a cavalry dude down oh my goodness
we just broke down enemy artillery with
complete ease this is everything I
wanted and more oh and yes the landscape
swarm is now beginning
oh this is it we've once again smashed
his entire army as is almost tradition
for us every single time good or Demont
azuma goes to war with us what an
absolute melon this guy has just no
talent for warring whatsoever oh and of
course you want to do a peace treaty of
course you now want to do a peace treaty
you're making - 14 gold Patel Montezuma
you absolutely I'm Ellen oh and you want
to go to peace of the entire world
fine except
except this is peacetime Oh Montezuma
right absolutely dislike your existence
you are such a pain and annoyance but
you know what if you want to go to war
all the time that's that's up to you
that's fine I'll always support you and
there we have it ladies and gentlemen
we've kind of just demonstrated the
ridiculous power of this exploit because
it will allow you to get easy diplomatic
victories by generating stupid amounts
of gold and consequently buying the
friendship with every single AI in the
game what we can now do with Montezuma
is we can actually send him instead of
attacking us we can give him a huge
amount of gold and send him to just
attack different a is now the AI we send
them to attack won't particularly mind
too much and what this allows us to do
is total through the entire game without
having Montezuma declare war on us again
not that it makes much of a difference
because as soon as he does we can just
mobilize an entire military in one turn
to crush his entire army and it doesn't
really cost us that much in the long run
but equally we can just generate stupid
amounts of money from this lovely cheesy
exploit and it is a whole host of fun I
say you have it ladies and gentlemen our
first civ 5 exploit go hop into a
multiplayer game and ruin it for your
entire friends and family and hey if you
have a fun time make sure to give me a
shout in the comment section as always
ladies and gentlemen a massive thank you
to each and every one of these glorious
patrons who have generously donated a
small portion of their own financial tea
supply to myself so that we can create
glorious and fantastic content for you
the lovely ladies and gentlemen hey I
hope you did enjoy and liked it and if
you sat there thinking damn this video
was really really good fun I want to
watch another one then look no further
than this one on screen now hand chosen
by myself to be just perfect for you
trust me you're going to love it anyway
I've been the sniffing Britt now each
and every one of you the next one have
an absolutely lovely day and goodbye for
now